Added ability to configure dovecot master accounts (#2535)
docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver: docs/content/config/advanced/dovecot-master-accounts.md

---
title: 'Advanced | Dovecot master accounts'
---

## Introduction

> A dovecot master account is able to see the mailbox of any configured user - often useful for administration purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A dovecot master account is able to login as any configured user. This is useful for administrative tasks like hot backups.
```

## Configuration

It is possible to create, update, delete and list dovecot master accounts using `setup.sh`. See `setup.sh help` for usage.

## Logging in

> Once a master account is configured, it is possible to connect to any users mailbox using this account. Log in over IMAP using the following credential scheme:

Reviewer: The master account is not IMAP specific.

```suggestion
Once a master account is configured, it is possible to connect to any users mailbox using this account. Log in over POP3/IMAP using the following credential scheme:
```
